Psalm 2 why do the nation's rage and the
people plot a vain thing the kings of
the earth set themselves and the rulers
take counsel together against the Lord
and against his anointed saying let us
break their bonds in pieces and cast
away their cords from us he who sits in
the heavens shall have the lord shall
hold them in derision then he shall
speak to them in his wrath and distress
them in his deep displeasure yet I have
set my king on my holy hill of Zion I
will declare the decree the Lord has
said to me you are my son today I have
begotten you ask of me and I will give
you the nation's for your inheritance
and the ends of the earth for your
possession you shall break them with a
rod of iron
you shall dash them to pieces like a
Potter's vessel
now therefore be wise no Kings be
instructed you judges of the earth
serve the Lord with fear and rejoice
with trembling kiss the son lest he be
angry and you perish in the way when his
wrath is kindled but a little
blessed are all those who put their
trust in him
[Music]